Hey, Brother Lin
You're finally back!
If you don't come back, this store will be smashed
Oh, you really trusted the wrong person.
That Jiang Li Li must have taken your money
Word path
You better not go in
To avoid accidental injury for a while
You let me drive, I won't let you, Brother An
Why doesn't Brother An go in?
What about Jiang Lili?
How is he?
Oh, sister-in-law is really amazing.
I thought so.
We will suffer the loss this time.
result
Sister-in-law launched a Double Eleven pre-sale in the blink of an eye
Say today's new product fair?
Just to show you the sample
Wait until November 11th before it officially goes on sale.
The person who paid the deposit today
You can directly get 40% off then.
What is Double Eleven?
I don't know. Hey, go and see for yourself.
Hey, do you understand?
If there is no problem
Just go to our little brother to pay the money
Wait until Double Eleven?
Come to the store with the ticket
60% off for the audience.
Brother An, did you see it?
Sister-in-law seems to be glowing
Slow down slow down
He seems so strong that I can't help you at all
train